#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via unstructured-client
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.6
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.12
    # via langchain
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via omegaconf
anyio==4.8.0
    # via httpx
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==25.1.0
    # via aiohttp
backoff==2.2.1
    # via unstructured
beautifulsoup4==4.13.3
    # via unstructured
cachetools==5.5.1
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via unstructured
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   python-oxmsg
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
cryptography==44.0.1
    # via
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   unstructured-client
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via unstructured
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via pikepdf
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
easyocr==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
effdet==0.4.1
    # via unstructured
emoji==2.14.1
    # via unstructured
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
eval-type-backport==0.2.2
    # via unstructured-client
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via anyio
filelock==3.17.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
filetype==1.2.0
    # via
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   unstructured
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via onnxruntime
fonttools==4.56.0
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.2.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.15
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.24.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.161.0
    # via google-generativeai
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-cloud-vision==3.10.0
    # via unstructured
google-generativeai==0.8.4
    # via langchain-google-genai
googleapis-common-protos==1.67.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.70.0
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
html5lib==1.1
    # via unstructured
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   unstructured-client
huggingface-hub==0.28.1
    # via
    #   timm
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured-inference
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imageio==2.37.0
    # via scikit-image
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via nltk
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
langchain==0.3.18
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.35
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langchain-unstructured
langchain-google-genai==2.0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.6
    # via langchain
langchain-unstructured==0.1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via unstructured
langsmith==0.3.8
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via scikit-image
lxml==5.3.1
    # via
    #   pikepdf
    #   python-docx
    #   python-pptx
    #   unstructured
markdown==3.7
    # via unstructured
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.10.0
    # via
    #   pycocotools
    #   unstructured-inference
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via unstructured-client
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   scikit-image
    #   torch
    #   unstructured
ninja==1.11.1.3
    # via easyocr
nltk==3.9.1
    # via unstructured
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   easyocr
    #   imageio
    #   langchain
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   opencv-python
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   pandas
    #   pycocotools
    #   scikit-image
    #   scipy
    #   shapely
    #   tifffile
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-inference
olefile==0.47
    # via python-oxmsg
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via effdet
onnx==1.17.0
    # via
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-inference
onnxruntime==1.19.2
    # via
    #   langchain-unstructured
    #   unstructured-inference
opencv-python==4.11.0.86
    # via unstructured-inference
opencv-python-headless==4.11.0.86
    # via easyocr
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via unstructured
orjson==3.10.15
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   lazy-loader
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pikepdf
    #   scikit-image
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured-pytesseract
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-inference
pdf2image==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured
pdfminer-six==20240706
    # via
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-inference
pi-heif==0.21.0
    # via unstructured
pikepdf==9.5.2
    # via unstructured
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   easyocr
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   pdf2image
    #   pi-heif
    #   pikepdf
    #   python-pptx
    #   scikit-image
    #   torchvision
    #   unstructured-pytesseract
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-vision
protobuf==5.29.3
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   proto-plus
psutil==7.0.0
    # via unstructured
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pyclipper==1.3.0.post6
    # via easyocr
pycocotools==2.0.8
    # via effdet
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-generativeai
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langsmith
    #   unstructured-client
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
pypandoc==1.15
    # via unstructured
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
pypdf==5.3.0
    # via
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
pypdfium2==4.30.1
    # via unstructured-inference
python-bidi==0.6.3
    # via easyocr
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   unstructured-client
python-docx==1.1.2
    # via unstructured
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-iso639==2025.2.8
    # via unstructured
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via unstructured-inference
python-oxmsg==0.0.2
    # via unstructured
python-pptx==1.0.2
    # via unstructured
pytz==2025.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   easyocr
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   omegaconf
    #   timm
    #   transformers
rapidfuzz==3.12.1
    # via
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-inference
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   unstructured-client
rich==13.9.4
    # via -r requirements.in
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
safetensors==0.5.2
    # via
    #   timm
    #   transformers
scikit-image==0.25.1
    # via easyocr
scipy==1.15.1
    # via
    #   easyocr
    #   scikit-image
    #   unstructured-inference
shapely==2.0.7
    # via easyocr
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   html5lib
    #   langdetect
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.38
    # via langchain
sympy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   torch
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
tesserocr==2.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tifffile==2025.1.10
    # via scikit-image
timm==1.0.14
    # via
    #   effdet
    #   unstructured-inference
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via transformers
torch==2.6.0
    # via
    #   easyocr
    #   effdet
    #   timm
    #   torchvision
    #   unstructured-inference
torchvision==0.21.0
    # via
    #   easyocr
    #   effdet
    #   timm
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
transformers==4.48.3
    # via unstructured-inference
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   multidict
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pypdf
    #   python-docx
    #   python-oxmsg
    #   python-pptx
    #   rich
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   unstructured-client
tzdata==2025.1
    # via pandas
unstructured[all-docs]==0.16.20
    # via -r requirements.in
unstructured-client==0.30.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-unstructured
    #   unstructured
unstructured-inference==0.8.7
    # via unstructured
unstructured-pytesseract==0.3.13
    # via unstructured
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   unstructured
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via unstructured
xlsxwriter==3.2.2
    # via python-pptx
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
